The White Rose Garden is really bankrupt, I have to start liquidating it.
Why would you do that?
You're my brother.
Say one without two
You're doing great.
Say the third thing.
But this third thing...
It's a little difficult.
King Quang Lang, please don't make it difficult for Yuan Quan anymore.
On the way
The army is really not easy.
It's okay, you tell me.
The third thing is
Disconnect yourself.
King Kong Lang, are you crazy?
Your two dollars, so does he.
You made him three treasures, he also committed a crime.
Now you want him to break through the golden door himself.
You want him to be useless? That's the last thing I want you to do.
As long as you can do it.
I will personally approve and teach you all the former things.
I can let the past go.
Master Li, this is giving you a chance.
Not yet.
Self-cutting
Boss, I don't understand.
I don't understand why you did that.
Do you want me to be useless?
Is this your choice?
If I don't want to
Honey, how are you doing?
Then call in reinforcements.
Go.